Capstone Project 1 Idea – Prescription Drug Trends for Seniors (55 or older)

For older Americans, prescription drugs are expensive especially those on a limited budget.  I would like to know, for chronic diseases 
and for seniors (55 and older), what is the per unit trend for cost of drugs as compared to trend for income of those 55 or older.  
I would also like to create a predictive model that projects costs of drug categories such as Diabetes drugs for seniors in the future.   
To do this the federal government publishes National Average Drug Acquisition Costs (NADAC) by National Drug Codes (NDC) code.   
The trick is going to be to relate the ATC codes with NDC codes to get proper summary data such as all drugs used to treat Diabetes 
for example.  Fortunately, Fabricio Kury has already done this to some degree of accuracy and has published his R code, his accuracy 
and data on GitHub.  Fabricio Kury is a Postdoctoral Research Scientist at Columbia University in New York City.

Capstone Project 2 Idea – Chronic Disease Prescription Drug Trends in US

Look at the trend for cost of drugs in US for chronic diseases.  I would also like to create a predictive model that projects per unit 
costs of chronic disease drug categories in the future.   To do this the federal government publishes National Average Drug Acquisition 
Costs (NADAC) by National Drug Codes (NDC) code.   The trick is going to be to relate the ATC codes with NDC codes to get proper summary 
data such as all drugs used to treat Diabetes for example.  Fortunately, Fabricio Kury has already done this to some degree of accuracy 
and has published his R code, his accuracy and data on GitHub.  Fabricio Kury is a Postdoctoral Research Scientist at Columbia University 
in New York City.

Capstone Project 3 Idea – MLB Baseball Player Performance Outlook

I would like to look at MLB baseball information to determine at what point hitter performance starts to degrade.   Sean Lahman maintains 
a database of information on baseball from 1871 to 2017.  I would like to analyze performance of position players to determine a 
trend as to when performance starts to degrade and what are the parameters that cause this (ex: age?).   Next would be to create a 
predictive model that predicts when a player will start to degrade in player performance.   Sean has twenty-seven tables of baseball 
information collected through 2017.
