Capstone P2 Idea#1 – Catepillar Tube Price Prediction
Predict pricing of tube assemblies from Catepillar.  Data includes vendor pricing information for training set.  It also includes BOM, spec information,
and component attributes.  There are thousands of components and hundreds of assemblies (finished goods).  The data is reasonable but it is a regression
problem and wanting a classification problem.  Complex number of attributes and specifications.


Capstone P2 Idea#2 = CNC Mill Tool Wear

Data created at University of Michigan in SMART.  Machining data was collected from a CNC machine for variations in tool condition, feed rate and 
clamping pressure.  18 experiments with worn and unworn tools.  Predict whether the machining was done with worn or unworn parts or inadequate 
clamping.   Classification problem for both tool condition and clamping pressure.  Might be too simplistic.


Capstone P2 Idea#3 - Bosch Production Line Performance
Complex production line sensor data where classification can be used to predict failures.  Large amount of data both vertically and horizontally.  
Very complex real world example of sensory data in manufacturing.  Classification problem, but high volume of data.  Tried downloading data but too much 
for my PC.  This one has to be eliminated.

Capstone P2 Idea#4 - Versatile Production System

Production system taking raw material , deliverying raw material to inventory storage, where it moves to Supply Module for Dosing.
Dosing transports a pre-defined amount of corn to supply module.  Corn is loaded into a filling module using rotary table for cleaning,
portioning, sealing and quality control.  Next, corn moves to production, where popcorn is popped and packaged.  Data is collected throughout
the process.  This is part of the SmartFactory OWL which is a living lab for industry 4.0 technologies.  Classifation problem in manufacturing
processes.  Could be rather simplistic.  

Captone P2 Idea#5 - Sensors and Machine Learning 

Data was created by the Case Western Reserve University containing normal and faulty bearings. Experiments were conducted using a 2 hp 
Reliance Electric motor, and acceleration data was measured at locations near to and remote from the motor bearings. Accelerometers 
were placed on the fan end and drive end of the motor as well as the base plot of the motor.  Accelerometers were placed at the 12 o’clock 
position at both the drive end and fan end of the motor housing.  Vibration signals were collected using a 16 channel DAT recorder, and were 
post processed in a Matlab format.  I would like to use classification and Neural Networks to predict when faults will occur.  I will 
use Neural Networks to create a feature set for the classification algorithms.



